/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_29april2025_p0.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 29_APRIL_2025
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

Suppose I decided to pretend I have no racist, sexist, classist, ablist, ageist, or elitist thoughts. 

Suppose I decided to pretend to believe that no one has any more self-control than anyone else and that all achievements occur through sheer luck and circumstances beyond any person's control.

Suppose I decided to pretend that all people are equally justified in any and all of their actions (because each person is merely a puppet being controlled entirely by forces beyond their conscious awareness and control).

Regardless of what I believe or pretend to believe, it seems reasonable (based on what on my current knowledge) for me to always assume that people are always going to inevitably act exactly one particular way solely because that way is the only trajectory which is physically implementable given the respective global configuration of matter and energy which forces all evolution of all matter and all energy to flow in accordance to exactly one set of rudimentary logical rules (unless those rudimentary logical rules can, for whatever reason, be violated). 

I could therefore say that it is always the case that, at least some of the time, some people experience better health and more affluence than what some other people experience in that time (which might seem unethical or undesirable according to some perspectives but not necessarily to all perspectives).

As a corollary to what I said in the previous paragraph, some people seem to have to work harder and/or suffer to a greater extent than some other people do and that some people seem to get away with committing crimes while other people are punished for crimes they did not commit. 

Some people insist that I act angry at what those people refer to as injustice. Those people might even suggest that I deserve to be punished unless I act righteously indignant on behalf of those who are supposedly being treated in an unjust manner by those moral arbiters because those moral arbiters think that some people have a moral or social obligation to fight against what those moral arbiters think is injustice. Otherwise those moral arbiters deem my conduct to be injust and hence worthy of punishment (either as a correctional measure or as a way to effect what those people think is morally or socially justified sadism).

By my own logic (as described by this note) I cannot control how I think, feel, perceive, and act. Therefore, if I feel act like a misanthrope, I require intervention from forces outside of my body to "correct" my demeanor to be less misanthropic.

I admit that I harbor misanthropic feelings and thoughts and maybe even intentions to implement misanthropic actions. I also admit that I feel compelled to pretend that I harbor no misanthropic feelings and am, instead, much more philanthropic than misanthropic (for the sake of minimizing the degree to which people other than myself attempt to punish me or otherwise restrict how energy flows through my nervous system).

I think that what I claim to be pretending to be in the previous paragraph is a relatively normal human being; someone who does not seem to be on any criminal watch list nor the target of some hate crimes nor the target of any other unusually unfavorable forms of treatment by human civilization. 

Therefore, what I claim to be is a fairly lucky first world nation dweller who essentially has nothing to complain about in relation to what most other first world nation dwellers typically experience.

* * *

I am a citizen of the United States of America and was born on American soil. As an unalienable United States citizen, I have unalienable rights as defined by the United States constitution such as the right to not donate to charity, the right to not report a legal crime that I notice someone other than myself committing, the right to say mean things to and about people (provided those things are not overt threats of violence nor doxing), and the right to torture or kill non-human animals which are not considered to be the property of some human other than myself. Also, I can burn as much coal as I want in my own backyard provided that I legally own that plot of land and the coal and ignition materials. People other than myself can complain that I am polluting the environment while I have legal clearance to continue "minding my own business" which amounts to burning as much coal as I can legally acquire (and, unlike marijuana plants, there is no legal limit to how much coal I can possess). If those environmentalist crybabies don't like that I burn lots of coal and/or remove the skin of raccoons while they are still alive in the sanctuary of my own backyard, those crybabies are just going to have to cry it out while I have my lawful fun.

(I might have said some things in this note which are factually inaccurate, but to my knowledge at the time I wrote this note, everything which I said in this note is factually accurate).

If you don't like the way the world is, perhaps you can kill yourself or find some way to alleviate your discontent to some extent (though,  in all honesty,  I don’t think you get to choose how you respond to any particular stimilus (so you are lucky if you respond to an unpleasant stimulus in a way that reduces your suffering)). Existence is not guaranteed by natural law nor by human-made law to accommodate your preferences or expectations. Hence, you might be happiest just accepting that your experiences are not exactly to your liking instead of vainly demanding that reality be something other than what reality inevitably is. 

You can tell me, "All you care about is yourself," and I can legally reply, "Self-worship is my chosen religion and my religion (because it does not entail committing legal crimes) is sanctified by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. Therefore, I can be as aloof to the plight of others as I want and as my personal religion dictates. You are not my dictator. Your religion is not necessarily my religion. My religion legally enables me to make myself into what I believe to be the most important being in all existence. You are a tool to me or else you a burden I would prefer to avoid attending to. Goodbye, trivial entity I would not rescue from adversity even if I thought I had the means to. I am legally entitled to abandon you while you suffer adversities that are not my legal responsibility to attend to. Oh well! Existence goes on with or without you existing. Existence does not necessarily entail that you be rescued from adversity. And no one cares more about your own experience than you. At least that's what I currently believe. Ha ha! I can laugh at your pain if that's what the universe enables me to do."

(temporary URL for this file's safekeeping (before officially adding that file to karbytes): https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karbytessupporter/development_space/main/journal_karbytes_29april2025_p0.txt)
